Where have the times gone when you were a big mess with 200 hp?
nowadays life starts at 240 hp the new canon it at the hot
hatchbacks are called audi s3 and mazda 3 nps these have two respectively around it
65 from 260 hp ger
on a drenched circuit of axes we watch what they are playing against the
bmw 130i
also on wall street in the sea and the volkswagen golf r32
A year after Volkswagen opened up with the 200 HP strong Golf GTD newspaper
back with the astra opcw
with about 240 hp he was almost a second faster in the sprint from 0 to
100 than the GT
volkswagen has now prezzent the claim in the thirty of the g with
130 hp
but because it was not yet available stupid with this film the 50 hp strong
there 32
was there now comes with the superlative the mazda 3 mps this has but
no less than 260 hp under the hood that he distributes over just two tires
front two
the figures on the mast make an impression but it really is that good
the odd one out of this 50 is the bmw 130i cup
thanks to the optional parquet, it still looks like a sporty party
but in principle this is a normal heads work with a very thick engine
it is with 265 hp that are released on the rear wheels even the strongest
engine
the last of these five is the audi s3
This four wheel drive orange can our ball is equipped with 265 hp
it is therefore one to take into account
we went to work on the rebuilt tiety circuit of assen unfortunately on one
soaking wet job but that should not spoil the fun
it is a true feast to go up each of these cars screening piece
they all have a different character
all that break created impressive performance and its tasteful appearance
the wave no longer emotion due to its great sounding v6
the masts have a lot of power for little money
The BMW has great engine primark properties
and the open long has a very good control can great chassis
a judgment is therefore not easily passed, but ultimately the consequences prevail
the opel astra open sea
despite having only a power of 240 hp the effect down to the second time
chassis is thick before the decision has been made and everything is in place
well screwed together
the price is considerably lower than three of the other four models in this test